CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
Dice Roller

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
The program will allow users to roll some dice and record their scores and store them in a file.
The dice rolling itself is not the focus and is a placeholder for any kind of game or anything that keeps scores.
The program will allow you to store user data and read it, as well as find certain statistics like total score across all entries, average score, etc.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
I will learn how to work with files and data in a large scale program,
and specifically record my own data into a file through the program,
which is not something we've done much, as we've mostly only read data from files.

4. What Python modules will your program use?
csv, random, pytest

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?
Yes, I will have a main function that asks for user input to determine what the user wants to do,
but I will write a seperate function for each of the possible actions the user can take:
roll dice, retrieve all entries from a specific user, count total score and dice rolled for a specific user, calculate average score for a specific user, etc.
As well as a seperate function to open and read the file.

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?
Yes, I will write test functions for at least 2 of my functions, probably the one that reads the list and one of the functions that calculates something.